input files
===========
Here is a complete list of all possible input files used by different stages
of ``module0_flow``. The list is structured by the stage class name and then by
the specific configuration field used to set the source for the given input
file. Where possible, a brief statement of where the file comes from or how
to re-generate it is given.

resources
---------
``RunData``
 - ``runlist_file``: a whitespace separated ``.txt`` file of run-level information. This file is manually created for each data collection period.

``Geometry``
 - ``crs_geometry_file``: a ``larnd-sim``-structured geometry ``.yaml`` file describing pixel locations and shape. This file is generated using ``larpix-geometry``.
 - ``lrs_geometry_file``: a ``.yaml`` file describing light detector locations and shape. This file is manually created (see ``Geometry`` documentation).

``DisabledChannels``
 - ``disabled_channels_list``: a ``.json`` file with a list of channels that are disabled. This can be generated via a script (contact B. Russell).
 - ``missing_asic_list``: a ``.json`` file with a list of channels missing from the configuration network. This can be generated via a script (contact B. Russell).

``LArData``
 - ``electron_lifetime_file``: a ``.npz`` or ``.root`` file containing timestamped electron lifetime data. This file (``.root``) is provided by the CSU team. The (``.npz``) file is manually produced.

``ParticleData``
 - ``muon_range_table_path``: a whitespace separated ``.txt`` file of PDG muon range data. This file can be downloaded from the PDG website.
 - ``proton_range_table_path``: a whitespace separates ``.txt`` file of NIST proton range data. This file can be downloaded from the NIST PSTAR website.

charge event building
---------------------
No additional input files except those required by resources are required to
run the stages in the charge event builder.

charge event reconstruction
---------------------------
``HitBuilder``
 - ``pedestal_file``: a ``.json`` file describing the pedestal voltage on each pixel. This file is generated from a script within ``larpix-v2-testing-scripts``.
 - ``configuration_file``: a ``.json`` file describing the reference voltages on each pixel. This file is generated from a script within ``larpix-v2-testing-scripts``.

light event building
--------------------
No additional input files except those required by resources are required to
run the stages in the light event builder.

light event reconstruction
--------------------------
``WaveformDeconvolution``
 - ``noise_spectrum_filename``: a ``.npz`` file containing noise FFT on each channel. This file can be generated by running the ``WaveformDeconvolution`` in a different mode.
 - ``signal_spectrum_filename``: a ``.npz`` file containing signal+noise FFT on each channel. This file can be generated by running the ``WaveformDeconvolution`` in a different mode.
 - ``signal_impulse_filename``: a ``.npz`` file containing impulse response on each channel. This file can be generated by running the ``WaveformDeconvolution`` stage in a different mode.

charge/light matching
---------------------
No additional input files except those required by resources are required to
run the stages in the charge/light matching.

combined reconstruction
-----------------------
``TrackletMerger``
 - ``pdf_filename``: an ``.npz`` file containing signal and noise histograms for likelihood discriminator. This file can be generated by running the ``BrokenTrackSim``.

stopping muon analysis
----------------------
``MichelID``
 - ``likelihood_pdf_filename``: a ``.npz`` file containing signal and noise histograms for likelihood discriminator. This file can be generated by running the ``MichelID`` stage in a different mode.


